- PHILIP: I-I don't know how to tell you this, Jodie.
So I'm just gonna tell you.
Your mom and I, we've been transferred.
We have to leave the base.
We really want to take you with us,
but we think...
Everyone thinks that it would be better for you
to stay here with professor Dawkins.
Of course, we'll come to see you
whenever it's possible.
And when you're better...
You'll join us at our new home.
Okay?
Well, I think it's for the best.
Goodbye, dear.
- SUSAN: Be brave, darling.
I know this is difficult.
But I'm sure it'll work out fine.
- PHILIP: We... gotta go... Susan.
- SUSAN: Just give me a minute, Philip.
- PHILIP: That's enough.
Come on.
- NATHAN: Jodie...
We're here.
I'll always be here for you.